**卓尔蘑菇扒 Drow Mushroom Steaks**

（翻译暂缺）

Adelicacy of the great Underdark City of Spiders, Menzoberranzan, these seasoned ripplebark mushroom steaks are harvested fresh from the fungi fields near Lake Donigarten. While their exact agronomy is a closely guarded drow secret, many speculate that fertilizer from the Donigarten island rothé make these mushrooms grow unusually large, meaty, and nutrient rich. They're so tasty and chewy, you'll think you are eating unicorn! This dish has become so popular that it has migrated to the surface, and it's even rumored to be a favorite of Xanathar of Waterdeep, a notorious beholder who prefers it to surface-grown mushrooms as well as raw meat. But make sure to carefully read the label on that bottle of balsamic vinegar—the drow are as famous for their poisons as their sauces.

> **6人份用料**
> 3 tablespoons olive oil
> 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
> 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
> 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves
> ? teaspoon kosher salt
> Freshly ground black pepper
> 6 large portobello mushrooms caps (stems removed and discarded)

In a shallow dish wide enough to hold the mushrooms in a single layer, whisk together the olive oil, lemon juice, balsamic vinegar, thyme, salt, and several grinds of pepper. Put the mushrooms in the dish. Set aside to marinate at room temperature for 15 minutes, turning the mushrooms over and spooning the marinade on them halfway through.
Heat an outdoor grill or indoor grill pan over medium-high heat. Grill the mushrooms, flipping to cook both sides, until tender and browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Serve hot or at room temperature.
