**落叶林沙拉 Lluirwood Salad**

（翻译暂缺）

Located along the northern border of the former halfling nation of Luiren was the Lluirwood of southeast Faer?n. Sometimes called "the Longforest," due to its lengthy expanse, this dense woodland was the native homeland of three groups of halfling who once foraged the thick foliage in search of delectable forest treats. After the Hin Ghostwars, the Lluirwood was mostly abandoned by halflings and subsequently inhabited by ill-tempered monsters that wandered in from the Toadsquat Mountains to the north. But even after generations, hungry hin from the coastal cities of Luiren still craved those tasty forest flavors and paid adventurers handsomely to extract its ingredients. Prior to the Spellplague, which submerged all of Luiren, this sweet and savory salad, made up of whole-leaf spinach, dried cranberries, candied pecans, and spring cheese, topped with a tangy vinaigrette dressing, would anchor the menus of taverns from Beluir to Shoun―a perfect starter to first or second evenfeast.

> **4人份用料**
> 2又1/2 teaspoons sherry vinegar
> 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice
> 3/4 teaspoon Dijon mustard
> 2 tablespoons minced shallot
> Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
> 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
> 8 cups packed fresh baby spinach leaves (about 41/2 ounces)
> Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
> 1 (4- to 5-ounce) log fresh goat cheese, crumbled
> 2/3 cup candied or spiced pecans or other nuts, chopped or broken into pieces
> 1/2 cup dried cranberries

To make the vinaigrette, in a large salad bowl, whisk together the vinegar, lemon juice, mustard, shallot, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Vigorously whisk in the olive oil to blend. Taste and adjust the seasoning with additional salt and pepper, if necessary. Reserve 1又1/2 tablespoons.
Add the spinach to the bowl and toss to coat. Add 1/4 teaspoon salt, pepper to taste, the goat cheese, most of the nuts, and most of the cranberries; toss to combine. Sprinkle with the remaining nuts and cranberries, drizzle with the reserved 1又1/2 tablespoons vinaigrette, and serve.
